[MINI-5845] Support closing a MiniApp programmatically (#471)
rakutentech/ios-miniapp: CHANGELOG.md

### 5.1.0 (xxxx-xx-xx)
**SDK**
- **Update:** Added `allEmailList` field in `MAContact` to support multiple emails of a specific contact.

> - **Feature:** New `MiniAppMessageDelegate` interface method `func closeMiniApp(withConfirmation: , completionHandler:)` to handle the close miniapp action from MinApps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Feature:** Added a new optional interface `func closeMiniApp(withConfirmation: , completionHandler:)` in  `MiniAppMessageDelegate` to support the close mini-app action from MinApps.
```

Author: Thank you I have updated in the latest commit.
